Ramadan schedule,


How well it's going.

New schedule for normal days!

It's effects
-------------------
Ramadan

So Ramadan was around the corner, people were talking about it. In particular, one of my friends Waqas, told me, "Saad, is dafa Ramadan ki tayyari karni hai!" (Saad, this time around we have to get ready for Ramadan). Also, one day, while reading from a book, I stumbled upon a hadith that talked about Ramadan's blessings. So, all this is to say, that this Ramadan didn't catch me by suprise. 

Anyway, when on Friday night, it was finally annouced that Ramadan crescent has been sighted, and I reached home after taraveeh, I sat with my sister and tried to come up with a Plan for this month. This was more of a schedule of important things, guidelines that I Needed to follow. So I wrote it down, and got my sister to sign it under the heading of 'Enforcer'. This is the plan:

_________
Not eating any deep friend stuff in aftaar. 
Doing tilawat daily. 
Not using internet after coming home from office. 
etc. 
etc. 
etc.

Well, it went great. Some things I implemented with great success, and some things I wasn't as successful. Needless to say, it felt great. The first week felt great. There were some issues, of course. Firstly, the shape that I am usually in isn't that kind to offering twnety rakaa taraveeh. So I got a bad backache. Secondly, I got a fungus in my inner tighs (Tenia.) This wasnt a good experience really. I have the memories a bit hazy about which happened when, but they all happened in the first week. There was one good news in the first week too! Wahaj's visa got processed and he was said to leave on the second Tuesday of Ramadan. So he gave an Aftaar party on the Saturday before it. And I met all my friends. And though my shape had gotten pathetically worse over the last two years, I was very impressed to see that guys especially Hamza Javed and Danish Zafar were doing really good. They were working out regularly, and eating a very disciplines protien based diets. I got a lot of inspiration and a lot of tips too! So I was set to make some changed to my schedule too. On Sunday I decided I would work out too. Just fifteen minutes. That's all. So I googled '15 minute men's home workout' 


Abdur Rehman Uncle Pakistan number: 0341 820 5989